Add documentation for using environment variables buildpack (#136)
paketo-buildpacks/paketo-website: content/docs/buildpacks/configuration.md

Programs invoked at runtime, including the application itself, will accept environment as they would normally.

#### Image Embedded Environment Variables

> Users may embedded environment variables into the images created by using the [Environment Variables buildpack][bp/environment-variables]. The Environment Variables buildpack looks for environment variables matching the pattern `$BPE_*`. When detected, the buildpack will modify the launch environment to adjust the specified variables. This is a good way to set non-sensitive configuration values such as defaults or modifiy environment variables that you do not want your image users to need to set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may embed environment variables into the images created by using the [Environment Variables buildpack][bp/environment-variables]. The Environment Variables buildpack looks for environment variables matching the pattern `$BPE_*`. When detected, the buildpack will modify the launch environment to adjust the specified variables. This is a good way to set non-sensitive configuration values such as defaults or modify environment variables that you do not need users to set.
```
